values: update results to newer format (#754)
flowforge/website: src/handbook/company/values.md

---
## Values

FlowForge has a few core values. Values we aspire to live by in everything we do
at FlowForge. With a shared set of values, norms that are created every day will
align with what company we want to be, and how we conduct business. Our values
are as follows:

### 📈 Results

1. We value results over the hours you spend working. We appreciate the effort, but value the results. Make users happy, care about the team member you helped. You schedule your day to make the most out of it for you. Don’t brag about hours worked, take pride in your achievements.
1. <a name="doitnow">Do it now</a>: Growth is exponential; Ship today, observe first results tomorrow, observe compounding effects in just 2 days.
1. Ownership: Take initiative, keep stakeholders in the loop, find and resolve bottlenecks. Collaborate with others.There’s one individual responsible for your achievements; You!

> 1. Disagree and commit: Not everything goes like you envision it will. Accept other solutions are valid too. Allow others to prove themselves. Don’t search for consensus, consensus doesn’t scale; a company is not a democracy.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Disagree and commit: Discussion is healthy, but decisions do not need full consensus. Disagree with a point-of-view, make your case, but accept other solutions are valid too. Once a choice is made, commit as a team to follow it. Allow others to prove themselves. Reaching consensus for every decision does not scale.
```
